Add support for filtering nakadi subscriptions (#795)
zalando-incubator/kube-metrics-adapter: README.md

For this case you should also account for the average time for processing an
event when defining the target.

Alternative to defining `subscription-id` you can also filter based on
`owning_application`, `event-types` and `consumer-group`:

```yaml
metrics:
- type: External
  external:
    metric:
      name: my-nakadi-consumer
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          type: nakadi
          owning-application: "example-app"
          # comma separated list of event types
          event-types: "example-event-type,example-event-type2"
          consumer-group: "abcd1234"
          metric-type: "consumer-lag-seconds|unconsumed-events"
```

> This is useful in dynamic environments where the subscription ID might not be
> known at deployment time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful in dynamic environments where the subscription ID might not be
known before deployment time (e.g. because it's created by the same deployment).
```
